Makefile:
---------
	Both programs share the same make file.
	To compile the referee program, run:
		`$ make`
	To compile the player program, run:
		`$ make player`

Usage: 
---------
	To see a better running of the programs, open two screens of your terminal and execute each of them.
	First execute the referee program. (You can execute the player first as well, but nothing will happen
	because the player only display something after connect with the referee program).

	Terminal 1:
		`$ ./referee`

		You will see this output
		Paper, Scissors, Rock game start.
		Waiting for player...

	Terminal 2:
		`$ ./player`

		`You will see this output
		Welcome to the Paper, Scissors and Rock game.
		You can choose:
		1 - Paper
		2 - Scissors
		3 - Rock
		4 - Quit
		Go
		Please enter your choice:`

	- The programs don't need arguments in their calling, however, if you enter any argument, they will ignore it.
	- The referee program can handle multiple clients, if you want to run a third terminal with a player.
	- The referee program doesn't require any input information. It just waits for information from its clients.
	- The player program execute once for each call. Execute the program again in order to keep playing. 
		(Don't need to restart the referee program)



List of assumptions & limitations made during program design & coding:

	Assumptions for the logic to decide who wins the Paper, Scissors, Rock game:
		Each object in the game is represented by a integer (1 paper, 2 scissors, 3 rock)
		I have the following diagram of matches:

					
		PAPER    	wins  	ROCK
					
		ROCK     	wins  	SCISSORS 
					
		SCISSORS 	wins 	PAPER

		Then, verifying if one player has at least one of these combinations, from the first
		field view, the player will win the game, if he/she doesn't have any of these combinations
		the other player won the game.

		PLAYER1			PLAYER2		WON
		1 		AND 	3 			PLAYER1
		2 		AND 	2			PLAYER1
		2 		AND 	1			PLAYER1
		OTHERWISE:
		WON: PLAYER2

		However, I need to verify first if the the players chose the same object, if it happened,
		the game was a draw.
		Verify the code of the function displayGame() in the file 'lib.c' to see the code of this logic.

	Limitations:
		The only big problem I had was to answer the player with the number generated by the referee, but
		it was a small problem with the permition to write in the client socket. It took me 2h to notice and
		solve it.

Output:
---------
	See the output_referee_side.txt and output_player_side.txt files.


					



